Update and Organize Contributors Guide per #12916 (#13352)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/document.md

# Documentation Contributions

Documentation for Gutenberg is maintained in the `/docs/` directory in the same Gutenberg Github repository. The docs are published every 15 minutes to the [Gutenberg Handbook site](https://wordpress.org/gutenberg/handbook/).

## New Document

To add a new documentation page:

1. Create a Markdown file in the [docs](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/master/docs) folder

> 2. Add item to the [toc.json](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/master/docs/toc.json) hierarchy

Reviewer: For some reason I thought `toc.json` was being generated automatically now as part of `npm run docs:build`… am I wrong? I have clearly been tuned out 😓🙈

Author: I'm looking at the generator scripts that are called when running `docs:build` and I don't see where it writes toc.json. There is a section which writes out a table of contents, but that looks like it is only for the `Data Module Reference`
https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/master/docs/tool/generator.js#L86

`manifest.json` is the only other file I found it generated, but their may be other processs or something I missed to. My method was searching for `writeFileSync` which is the JS function that writes out to a file.

Reviewer: @mkaz you're right, this was my mistake 🤦‍♂️ toc.json is manually generated, it always has been and always will be!

> 3. Generate manifest.json by running `npm run docs:build`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update manifest.json by running `npm run docs:build`
```

4. Commit manifest.json with other files updated

## Using Links

It's very likely that at some point you will want to link to other documentation pages. It's worth emphasizing that all documents can be browsed in different contexts:

> - Gutenberg Handbook

Reviewer: Can we add a newline between the paragraph and list?

- GitHub website
- npm website

> That's why it's recommended to use absolute links without the `https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg` part for all files which match the following patterns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create links that work in all contexts, you should use absolute path links without the `https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg` prefix. You can reference files using the following patterns:
```

- `/docs/*.md`
- `/packages/*/README.md`
- `/packages/components/src/**/README.md`

> This way they will be properly handled in all three aforementioned contexts.

Reviewer: General note here is that we might also want to add a note about how we're handling images. But… since we don't have a standardised way, it probably should be discussed separately 😅

Author: Yeh, I think this will be a good spot to document once we get a clear decision on how to handle them. 👍
